.TH "WSLACT" "1" "DATEPLACEHOLDER" "VERSIONPLACEHOLDER" "WSL Utilities User Manual"
.SH NAME
.B wslact
- Component of WSL Utilities
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B wslact
.RB COMMAND
.I ...
.SH DESCRIPTION
A set of quick actions for WSL such as creating startup tasks and manually sync time between Windows and WSL.
.PP
Currently, we have two features available:
.in +4n
.nf
\fBts, time-sync\fR \- Time Sync
\fBam, auto-mount\fR \- Auto Mounting
\fBmr, memory-reclaim\fR \- Memory Reclamation
.fi
.in
.SH COMMANDS
.SS "Time Sync"
Time Sync (\fItime-sync\fR) feature allows user to manually sync time from Windows to WSL. Sometime, when you have network issues, WSL time will be slower than the Windows time. This tool is designed for this situation. Requires sudo.
.TP
SYNOPSIS
.B wslact time-sync
.RB [ \-h ]
.TP
OPTIONS
.nf
.B -h, --help
.in +4n
print a simple help.
.in
.fi
.SS "Auto Mounting"
Auto Mounting (\fIauto-mount\fR) feature allows you to mount all drives available on Windows to WSL. Requires sudo.
.TP
SYNOPSIS
.B wslact auto-mount
.RB [ \-mh ]
.TP
OPTIONS
.nf
.B -m, --mount-options
.in +4n
pass a list of options you want to pass to \fImount\fR command.
.in
.fi
.nf
.B -h, --help
.in +4n
print a simple help.
.in
.fi
.SS "Memory Reclamation"
Memory Reclamation (\fImemory-reclaim\fR) feature allows you to reclaim memory by dropping memory cache. Requires sudo.
.TP
SYNOPSIS
.B wslact memory-reclaim
.RB [ \-h ]
.TP
OPTIONS
.nf
.B -h, --help
.in +4n
print a simple help.
.in
.fi
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B -h, --help
print a simple help.
.TP
.B -v, --version
print current version.
.SH AUTHOR
Created by Patrick Wu <me@patrickwu.space>
.SH REPORTING BUGS
Report bugs to <https://github.com/wslutilities/wslu/issues>;
For Ubuntu specific/related bugs, report to <https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/wslu>.
.SH COPYRIGHT
This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the terms of the GNU GPL version 3 or (at your option) any later
version.
There is NO warranty; not even MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
.SH SEE ALSO
wslu(7)