.TH "WSLFETCH" "1" "DATEPLACEHOLDER" "VERSIONPLACEHOLDER" "WSL Utilities User Manual"
.SH NAME
.B wslfetch
- Component of WSL Utilities
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B wslfetch
.RB [ \-hvcg ]
.RB [ \-t 
.IR THEME ]
.RB [ \-o 
.IR OPTIONS ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
This is a WSL Screenshot Information Tool to print information in a elegant way.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B -h, --help
print a simple help.
.TP
.B -v, --version
print current version.
.TP
.B -c, --colorbar
add a colorbar to the printed information. This can also be set with the configuration \fIWSLFETCH_COLORBAR\fR.
.TP
.B -g, --generic
Force to print information with generic WSL logo.
.TP
.B -t, --theme \fITHEME\fR
set a custom theme from the file \fITHEME\fR. This can also be set with the configuration \fIWSLFETCH_THEME_PATH\fR.
.TP
.B -o, --options \fIOPTIONS\fR
set custom options from the file \fIOPTIONS\fR. Please refer to the WSLFETCH_INFO_SECTION in the CONFIGURATION section for more information.
.SH CONFIGURATION
.TP
.B WSLFETCH_INFO_SECTION
the sections of info from wslsys to show in wslfetch. the following are all the available options:
.nf
.in +4n
windows-install-date
windows-rel-branch
windows-build
windows-full-build
display-scaling
windows-locale
windows-theme
windows-uptime
wsl-uptime
wsl-release
wsl-kernel
wsl-package-count
wsl-ip
.in
.TP
\'wsl-version\' will be always ignored since it is builtin in wslfetch. The default value is "windows-build,windows-rel-branch,wsl-release,wsl-kernel,windows-uptime".
.fi
.TP
.B WSLFETCH_THEME_PATH
This allows you to use your own customized theme.
.TP
.B WSLFETCH_COLORBAR
whether you want to display colorbar in wslfetch. This will override \`\-c, \-\-colorbar\` param.
.SH AUTHOR
Created by Patrick Wu <me@patrickwu.space>
.SH REPORTING BUGS
Report bugs to <https://github.com/wslutilities/wslu/issues>;
For Ubuntu specific/related bugs, report to <https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/wslu>.
.SH COPYRIGHT
This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the terms of the GNU GPL version 3 or (at your option) any later
version.
There is NO warranty; not even MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
.SH SEE ALSO
wslsys(1), wslu(7)