
.TH WSLPKG "1" "May 2017" "2.0.06" "User Commands"

.SH NAME
wslpkg \- Component of Windows 10 Linux Subsystem Utility
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B wslusc\fR (\-h|\-v|\-S|\-U|\-B|\-R|\-K|\-P)

.SH DESCRIPTION
This is WSL Package Installer, which is a minimal package manager for installing special packages. Also, it provide some simple commands to install apps from third-party repositories.

.SH COMMANDS
.TP
.B add\fR
Install a special package. If repository is specified, it will install the package through the repository.
.TP
.B remove\fR
Remove a special package. If repository is specified, it will remove the package through the repository.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
print a simple help
.TP
.B \-v\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR
print current version
.TP
\fB\-l\fR, \fB\-\-list\fR
print the special packages that is able to be installed

.SH "AVAILABLE PACKAGE"
.TP
.B pulseaudio
install pulseaudio to provide additional sound playing feature to WSL. 
.TP
.B vcxsrv
install vcxsrv to provide additional GUI feature to WSL.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
https://github.com/patrick330602/wslu

.SH AUTHOR
Created by Patrick Wu J M <wotingwu@live.com>

.SH REPORTING BUGS
Report bugs to <https://github.com/patrick330602/wslu/issues>

.SH COPYRIGHT
This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU GPL version 3 or (at your option) any later version.
There is NO warranty; not even MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.