.TH "WSLSYS" "1" "DATEPLACEHOLDER" "VERSIONPLACEHOLDER" "WSL Utilities User Manual"
.SH NAME
.B wslsys
- Component of WSL Utilities
.SH SYNOSIS
.B wslsys
.RB [ \-VIbBFUWRKPSltT ]
.RB [ \-s ]
.PP
.B wslsys
.RB [ \-hv ]
.RB [ \-n 
.IR NAME ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
This is a WSL system information printer to print out some basic system
information.
.SH OPTIONS
.PP
Executing command without options will print out the all system information.
add \fB-s\fR flag to print only value:
.TP
.B -h, --help
Print a simple help.
.TP
.B -v, --version
Print current version.
.TP
.B -n \fBNAME\fR
Print the system information of \fBNAME\fR.
.TP
.B -V, --wsl-version
Print the the WSL version your current distribution is using.
For example, \fB"1"\fR for using WSL 1st generation.
.TP
.B -I, --sys-installdate
Print the time when the current release is installed. The format is in Hex Unix Timestamp.
For example, \fB"0x5df84068"\fR.
.TP
.B -b, --branch
Print current release branch of your Windows 10.
For example, \fB"rs_prerelease"\fR means you are on rs_prerelease release branch.
.TP
.B -B, --build
Print current build version of your Windows 10.
For example, \fB"19536"\fR means you are using Winows 10 build 19536.
.TP
.B -F, --full-build
Print current build version of your Windows 10 in long form.
For example, \fB"19536.1000.amd64fre.rs_prerelease.191211-1446"\fR.
.TP
.B -U, --uptime
Print current uptime inside WSL.
For example, \fB"0d 0h 2m"\fR.
.TP
.B -W, --win-uptime
Print current uptime in Windows 10. 
For example, \fB"0d 12h 8m"\fR.
.TP
.B -R, --release
Print the current release for your WSL distro.
For example, \fB"Ubuntu 18.04.3 LTS"\fR.
.TP
.B -K, --kernel
Print the current version of the WSL kernel.
For example, \fB"Linux 4.19.81-microsoft-standard"\fR.
.TP
.B -P, --package
Print total number of installed packages.
For example, \fB"1047"\fR for 1047 packages installed.
.TP
.B -i, --ip
Print the current IPv4 address for your WSL distro.
For example, \fB"127.37.41.23"\fR.
.TP
.B -S, --display-scaling
Print the current display scaling from your display setting.
For example, \fB"2"\fR for 200% scaling.
.TP
.B -l, --locale
Print the Windows locale information.
For example, \fB"en-US"\fR for English (United States).
.TP
.B -t, --win-theme
Print the Windows Theme.
For example, \fB"light"\fR.
.TP
.B -T, --win-system-type
Print whether the system is running in Windows Desktop, Windows Server, or Windows Domain Controller.
For example, \fB"Server"\fR.
.TP
.B -d, --systemd-status
Print the status of systemd in WSL.
.SH AUTHOR
Created by Patrick Wu <me@patrickwu.space>
.SH REPORTING BUGS
Report bugs to <https://github.com/wslutilities/wslu/issues>;
For Ubuntu specific/related bugs, report to <https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/wslu>.
.SH COPYRIGHT
This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the terms of the GNU GPL version 3 or (at your option) any later
version.
There is NO warranty; not even MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
.SH SEE ALSO
wslu(7)
