.TH WSLU "1" "May 2017" "0.18.0" "User Commands"

.SH NAME
wslu \- Windows 10 Linux Subsystem Utility
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B wslu \fR<commands> [options]

.SH "WHAT IS WSL?"
WSL is short for "Windows Subsystem for Linux", which is a Linux Subsystem from Windows 10. WSL provides developers with a familiar Bash shell and Linux environment in which you can run most Linux command-line tools, directly on Windows, UNMODIFIED, without needing an entire Linux virtual machine. Currently we have Bash On Ubuntu On Windows 10, and more distro such as OpenSUSE and Fedora will be coming in the future.

.SH "WHAT IS WSLU?"
This is a collection of utilities for Windows 10 Linux Subsystem, such as enabling sound in WSL or creating your favorite linux app shortcuts on Windows 10 Desktop. Requires Windows 10 Creators Update and higher.

.SH COMMANDS
.TP
.B help\fR, \fBh\fR
print a simplified help.
.TP
.B version, \fBv\fR
print current version.
.TP
.B install
install is a minimal package manager for installing special packages. Also, it provide some simple commands to install apps from third-party repositories.
.RS
.TP
.B pulseaudio
install pulseaudio to provide additional sound playing feature to WSL. 
.TP
.B vcxsrv
install vcxsrv to provide additional GUI feature to WSL.
.TP
[\fBthird-party packages\fR] [\fBrepository\fR]
install a application with a certain third-party repository.
.RE

.SH ERROR CODE
.TP
.B 20
input is empty or invalid.
.TP
.B 21
input is empty.
.TP
.B 22
input is invalid.
.TP
.B 30
feature not implemented.
.TP
.B 31
Unkown system input.
.TP
.B 32
feature already installed.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
https://github.com/patrick330602/wslu

.SH AUTHOR
Created by Patrick Wu J M <wotingwu@live.com> PulseAudio and VcXsrv Installation inspired by aseering/wsl_gui_autoinstall<https://github.com/aseering/wsl_gui_autoinstall>. PulseAudio packages belong to @aseering and @therealkenc from <https://github.com/Microsoft/BashOnWindows/issues/486>

.SH REPORTING BUGS
Report bugs to <https://github.com/patrick330602/wslu/issues>

.SH COPYRIGHT
This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU GPL version 3 or (at your option) any later version.
There is NO warranty; not even MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
