.TH "WSLU" "7" "DATEPLACEHOLDER" "VERSIONPLACEHOLDER" "WSL Utilities User Manual"
.SH NAME
.B wslu
A collection of utilities for the Windows Subsystem for Linux
.SH DESCRIPTION
This is a collection of utilities for the Windows Subsystem for Linux (WSL), such as converting Linux paths to Windows paths or creating  Linux application shortcuts on the Windows Desktop.
.PP
Requires Windows 10 Creators Update and higher.
.SH AVAILABLE COMMANDS
wslusc, wslsys, wslfetch, wslvar, wslview(wview/wslstart/wstart), wslupath(deprecated), wslact, wslclip, wslgsu
.PP
check each manpage to see the detailed usage.
.SH SUPPORTED DISTRIBUTION
.nf
- Debian GNU/Linux
- Kali Linux
- OpenSUSE Leap 42, 12.0 and 15.0
- SUSE Linux Enterprise Server 12 and 15
- Ubuntu Latest, 16.04 LTS, 18.04 LTS and 20.04 LTS
- Pengwin (Formerly WLinux)
.fi
.SS
.B Community Supported Distro
.nf
- Arch Linux via ArchWSL <https://github.com/yuk7/ArchWSL>
- Alpine Linux via AlpineWSL <https://github.com/yuk7/AlpineWSL> or Alpine WSL <https://www.microsoft.com/store/productId/9P804CRF0395>
- Scientific Linux, Oracle Linux* or RedHat Enterprise Linux** via Pengwin Enterprise (Formerly WLinux Enterprise) <https://www.microsoft.com/store/productId/9N8LP0X93VCP>
- Fedora via Fedora Remix for WSL <https://github.com/WhitewaterFoundry/WSLFedoraRemix>
- Gentoo Linux via GentooWSL <https://github.com/ThatWeirdAndrew/GentooWSL>
- Void Linux via VoidWSL <https://github.com/am11/VoidWSL>
- Clear Linux via ClearWSL <https://github.com/wight554/ClearWSL>

.B *: Will support in the future.
.B **: you need to request to using RHEL from Pengwin team and have a license of RHEL of your own.
.fi
.PP
> Legacy Ubuntu is no longer supported.
.SH OPTIONS
All WSL Utilities command shared a common header. the following option are available to all commands.
.TP
.B --debug
Entering debug mode.
.TP
.B --verbose
Entering verbose mode.
.SH CONFIGURATION
.TP
The default configuration is stored in /usr/share/wslu/conf. You can override the default configuration in  \'/etc/wslu/conf\', \'/etc/wslu/custom.conf\', \'$HOME/.config/wslu/conf\', or \'$HOME/.wslurc\'. They will be read in the direction they are listed.
.SH EXIT STATUS
.TP
.B 1
general error/unknown error.
.TP
.B 20
input is empty or invalid.
.TP
.B 21
input is empty.
.TP
.B 22
input is invalid.
.TP
.B 30
file do not exist.
.TP
.B 31
folder do not exist.
.TP
.B 32
feature not implemented.
.TP
.B 33
required component do not exist.
.TP
.B 34
unsupported feature (for a distro)
.TP
.B 35
unsupported feature (for your Windows 10 build)
.TP
.B 40
Unknown system input.
.SH CONFIGURATION
.TP
.B WSLVIEW_DEFAULT_ENGINE
control whether to enable the chcp workaround for powershell. By default it is true; if you encounter any PowerShell issues, you can try to disable it.
.SH BUG
Report bugs to <https://github.com/wslutilities/wslu/issues>;
For Ubuntu specific bugs, report to <https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/wslu>.
.SH COPYRIGHT
This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU GPL version 3 or (at your option) any later version. There is NO warranty; not even MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

Logo of WSL Utilities and wslusc icons is licensed under CC BY 4.0 International License.

For third-party license, please refer to <https://wslutiliti.es/wslu/licenses.html>.
