
.TH "WSLVIEW" "1" "DATEPLACEHOLDER" "VERSIONPLACEHOLDER" "WSL Utilities User Manual"
.SH NAME
.B wslview, wview, wslstart, wstart
- Component of WSL Utilities
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B wslview, wview, wslstart, wstart
.RB [ \-ehsvurE ]
.PP
.B wslview, wview, wslstart, wstart
.I LINK/FILE
.SH DESCRIPTION
This is a file viewer on WSL that allows you to open files and folders from WSL in Windows and a fake web browser that allows opening urls in your default browser on Windows 10.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B -h, --help
print a simple help.
.TP
.B -v, --version
print current version.
.TP
.B -s, --skip-validation-check
skip url validation check.
.TP
.B -u, --unreg-as-browser
remove \fBwslview\fR as the default WSL web browser.
.TP
.B -r, --reg-as-browser
register \fBwslview\fR as the default WSL web browser.
.TP
.B -e, --export-as-browser
register \fBwslview\fR as the default WSL web browser using export method.
.SH CONFIGURATION
.TP
.B WSLVIEW_DEFAULT_ENGINE
default method to start websites/folders/files. Default type is "powershell". Here are all available options:
.nf
.in +4
powershell: use powershell.exe to start website/folder/file
cmd: use cmd.exe to start website/folder/file
cmd_explorer: use explorer.exe via cmd.exe to start website/folder/file
.in
.fi
.TP
.B WSLVIEW_SKIP_VALIDATION_CHECK
whether to skip validation check. Default is 1, which is not skipping. Can be either `0` or `1`.
.SH AUTHOR
Created by Patrick Wu <me@patrickwu.space>
.SH REPORTING BUGS
Report bugs to <https://github.com/wslutilities/wslu/issues>;
For Ubuntu specific/related bugs, report to <https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/wslu>.
.SH COPYRIGHT
This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the terms of the GNU GPL version 3 or (at your option) any later
version.
There is NO warranty; not even MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
.SH SEE ALSO
wslu(7)